ACM SIGMOD Conference 2016.
Scaling Multicore Databases via Constrained Parallel Execution. 
Efficient Query Processing on Many-core Architectures: A Case Study with Intel Xeon Phi Processor.(demo)
Scaling Multicore Databases via Constrained Parallel Execution. 
///OLTP
Design Principles for Scaling Multi-core OLTP Under High Contention.
Transaction Healing: Scaling Optimistic Concurrency Control on Multicores.
///感觉不太相关的
Graph Analytics Through Fine-Grained Parallelism. 
ParTime: Parallel Temporal Aggregation. 
AT-GIS: Highly Parallel Spatial Query Processing with Associative Transducers. 
DUALSIM: Parallel Subgraph Enumeration in a Massive Graph on a Single Machine. 

ACM SIGMOD Conference 2015
IReS: Intelligent, Multi-Engine Resource Scheduler for Big Data Analytics Workflows
From Theory to Practice: Efficient Join Query Evaluation in a Parallel Database System
///OLTP
FOEDUS: OLTP Engine for a Thousand Cores and NVRAM.
///感觉不太相关
Thrifty: Offering Parallel Database as a Service using the Shared-Process Approach. (demo)
PAXQuery: Parallel Analytical XML Processing (demo)
Locality-aware Partitioning in Parallel Database Systems. 
Implicit Parallelism through Deep Language Embedding.
Cost-based Fault-tolerance for Parallel Data Processing.

ACM SIGMOD Conference 2014
Morsel-driven parallelism: a NUMA-aware query evaluation framework for the many-core age
HAWQ: a massively parallel processing SQL engine in hadoop. 
Palette: enabling scalable analytics for big-memory, multicore machines. （demo）
///感觉不相关吧
ERIS live: a NUMA-aware in-memory storage engine for tera-scale multiprocessor systems. （demo）
MISO: souping up big data query processing with a multistore system.
Parallel I/O aware query optimization.
Parallel in-situ data processing with speculative loading.


ACM SIGMOD Conference 2013
ODYS: an approach to building a massively-parallel search engine using a DB-IR tightly-integrated parallel DBMS for higher-level functionality
///OLTP
A scalable lock manager for multicores. 
///感觉不相关
Parallel analytics as a service.
Iterative parallel data processing with stratosphere: an inside look.
